Okay, so let's practice using AWS Backup.
So I'm going to type AWS Backup into the search bar
and open the Backup service.
So we are going to create our first backup plan.
So I'm going to click on Create Backup plan.
And we have three options.
Either we start with a template or we build a new plan,
or we define a plan using JSON.
So the simplest for us is to start with a template,
and we can have different templates.
For example, Daily-35day-Retention,
Daily-Monthly-1yr-Retention, and so on.
So let's go with Daily-Monthly-1yr-Retention,
and I'll call it TestPlan.
Next, we click at Backup rules.
And you see we can have many Backup rules
in our Backup rules.
So we have two, we have daily Backups and monthly.
So if I click on Daily Backup,
as we can see, there's a rule name.
The Backup vault is wherever the backup is going.
So we can use a default one by AWS,
or we can create our own new Backup vault if we wanted to.
The Backup frequency, the Backup window, so when to start,
which is 5:00 AM UTC, start within eight hours,
or you can customize it if you want.
Whether or not you want to transition to cold storage,
never, after some days, weeks, months, or years.
And the retention period of your backup,
for example, this one is retained for five weeks.
Then we can also copy these backups
to a specific destination.
For example, another region for disaster recovery purposes.
So I'm going to save this backup rule.
And for monthly while we get the similar thing,
so it's going into the default Backup vault.
It's monthly on day one of each month,
and the rest looks the same.
So we actually transition these ones to cold storage
after one month, and then we retain them for one year.
Okay, so we have these ready,
and then I can just scroll down and click on create plan.
So now our test plan is created
and we need to assign resources to it.
So I'm going to click on assign resources,
and I will just call it TestAssignments.
And so here for IAM role,
we're going to use the default role,
which is going to create a role for us
with the correct permissions,
or you can choose your own one,
but let's go with default role, easy.
And then for resource selection,
we have two things we can do.
Number one, we can include all resource types,
or number two, we can include specific resource types.
For example, if you wanted to just have a DynamoDB table,
and then you could select the resource you want on there,
you could do this.
Or if you wanted to, you can have all tables.
So it's one way of doing it.
Or if you go with all resource types,
usually we'd use this as a combination with tags.
And so for tags you would say, well,
if the key environment is equal to the value production,
then do a backup.
This would be the kind of use cases for backups,
but you're free to do anything you want, of course.
And then when you're done, you click on assign resources.
And so just to make it very, very clear,
if I went into EC2 and I were to create an EBS volume,
and that volume would have, so for example, one gigabytes
and then the key would be environment production.
Then this would be automatically backed up by my Backup plan
because it has the correct tags.
So if we look at our volume right now,
and we go into tags,
as we can see has environment production,
which corresponds to the tags that I've set up
for my backup plan, okay?
So this is the assignments right here.
And we can have multiple assignments as well in here. Okay?
And then that's it.
The backup plan is going to run automatically,
and then the backups are going to happen here
in my Backup vaults, okay?
The jobs are the jobs that are going to be scheduled
and happening.
So we have backup jobs, restore jobs
and copy jobs if we wanted to.
And then we can look at the settings.
So the settings is around,
do you want to have backup policies,
cross account monitoring,
cross account backups, and so on.
But we've seen the basics of how backups work.
And so that's it.
I want to show you all this, okay?
That's all you need to know.
And I'm going to delete everything.
So for that, please make sure to delete your EBS volume,
or you could wait a day
if you wanted to see if the backups work, obviously.
And then when you're done,
you take the assignments and you delete it.
So type the name of the assignment in here,
and then for the Daily Backup rules,
you can delete them or delete directly the Backup plan.
And for this, just enter the name of the backup plan
and press delete.
And that's it.
We've seen backups.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.